# Statement

This work is more artistic than any other work that I do. Hypertext is new to me. I think typography plays part in this project, coming from a little (tiny) bit of an experimental typographer help with the project. In service design which is the field I'm looking in to, I have to encounter so many developers - to get the app and web rolling and perhaps some generative art pieces. Knowing that everythings has a code behind it and it can be decoded, I’ll move forward with this notion in mind. I have control over the outcome. And I’m now gaining the ability to read and write computational language so hopefully, it can bridge the gap between my knowledge and developer’s knowledge. Also I wasn’t expecting to learn so much about technology - ICOULD, IBM, NLP, 3D model, and language translation. I also think it is a good practice that designers bridge the knowledge gap they might encounter with developers.

# Final word
I would like to write a tiny section of a reflection. After processing what I learn through out his class, I have come to conclusion that I need more time going through the concept of e-literature, and get more familar with coding language. I first join this class because I was wondering how publication and how our language tranform from 2D to digital space. I love books and post-digital is the future of reading. I always facinated by creative code + environmental deisng + experience design. Starting from the light festival in Sydney but it didn't know how to start that why I wanted to learn how designer can be coder. I think I learn a lot about coding and will continue to code after my year in uni. In my opinion, not only I see how typogrpahy perform as an interactive piece of art, I was introduce to AI, AR, 3D model, 3D space, java, html, css. All of these are not something I expect to learn from uni but it was the best decision to take this class. I'm now learning more about AR even though I will need to work on coding and spend more time on it, this is a great experience and pack of resource. Sorry for jumping back anf ford, just thought it's my last SKO so I want to leave a little reflective piece. 

--------------------------------------------------
### [Back to weekly note](https://napasornc.github.io/c0dew0rd/)
